https://dns-nyc.aaflalo.me/dns-query - aaflalo.me
https://dns.adguard.com/dns-query - AdGuard
https://dns-family.adguard.com/dns-query - AdGuard
https://uk.adhole.org/dns-query - Adhole
https://de.adhole.org/dns-query - Adhole
https://sg.adhole.org/dns-query - Adhole
https://us-central.adhole.org/dns-query - Adhole
https://us-east.adhole.org/dns-query - Adhole
https://doh.nl.ahadns.net/dns-query - AhaDNS
https://doh.in.ahadns.net/dns-query - AhaDNS
https://doh.la.ahadns.net/dns-query - AhaDNS
https://doh.ny.ahadns.net/dns-query - AhaDNS
https://doh.pl.ahadns.net/dns-query - AhaDNS
https://doh.it.ahadns.net/dns-query - AhaDNS
https://doh.es.ahadns.net/dns-query - AhaDNS
https://doh.no.ahadns.net/dns-query - AhaDNS
https://doh.chi.ahadns.net/dns-query - AhaDNS
https://doh.au.ahadns.net/dns-query - AhaDNS
https://dns.alidns.com/dns-query - Alibaba Public DNS
https://dns.aa.net.uk/dns-query - Andrews & Arnold
https://dnses.alekberg.net/dns-query - alekberg
https://dnsnl.alekberg.net/dns-query - alekberg
https://dnsse.alekberg.net/dns-query - alekberg
https://dns.arapurayil.com/dns-query - Arapuyaril
https://doh.42l.fr/dns-query - Association 42l
https://doh.doh.my.id/dns-query - BebasDNS
https://doh-ch.blahdns.com/dns-query - blahdns.com
https://doh-sg.blahdns.com/dns-query - blahdns.com
https://doh-fi.blahdns.com/dns-query - blahdns.com
https://doh-jp.blahdns.com/dns-query - blahdns.com
https://doh-de.blahdns.com/dns-query - blahdns.com
https://example.doh.blockerdns.com/dns-query - blockerDNS
https://dns.blokada.org/dns-query - Blokada DNS
https://doh-01.spectrum.com/dns-query - Charter
https://doh-02.spectrum.com/dns-query - Charter
https://private.canadianshield.cira.ca/dns-query - CIRA Canadian Shield
https://protected.canadianshield.cira.ca/dns-query - CIRA Canadian Shield
https://family.canadianshield.cira.ca/dns-query - CIRA Canadian Shield
https://doh.opendns.com/dns-query - Cisco Umbrella/OpenDNS
https://doh.familyshield.opendns.com/dns-query - Cisco Umbrella/OpenDNS
https://doh.cleanbrowsing.org/doh/family-filter/ - CleanBrowsing
https://cloudflare-dns.com/dns-query - Cloudflare
https://mozilla.cloudflare-dns.com/dns-query - Cloudflare
https://security.cloudflare-dns.com/dns-query - Cloudflare
https://family.cloudflare-dns.com/dns-query - Cloudflare
https://dns64.cloudflare-dns.com/dns-query - Cloudflare
https://doh.xfinity.com/dns-query - Comcast
https://commons.host/ - Commons Host
https://freedns.controld.com/p0 - ControlD
https://freedns.controld.com/p1 - ControlD
https://freedns.controld.com/p2 - ControlD
https://freedns.controld.com/p3 - ControlD
https://odvr.nic.cz/dns-query - CZ.NIC
https://dns.digitale-gesellschaft.ch/dns-query - Digitale Gesellschaft
https://dns.flatuslifir.is/dns-query - dns.flatuslifir.is
https://doh.dns.sb/dns-query - DNS.SB
https://dnsforge.de/dns-query - dnsforge.de
https://dns.dnshome.de/dns-query - dnsHome.de
https://doh.dnslify.com/dns-query - DNSlify
https://doh.li/dns-query - doh.li
https://dns.edgy.network/dns-query - EdgyDNS
https://rdns.faelix.net/ - FAELIX
https://doh.ffmuc.net/dns-query - ffmuc.net
https://doh.applied-privacy.net/query - Foundation for Applied Privacy
https://dns.google/dns-query - Google
https://dns64.dns.google/dns-query - Google
https://dns.hostux.net/dns-query - Hostux.net
https://dns.hostux.net/ads - Hostux.net
https://ordns.he.net/dns-query - Hurricane Electric (he.net)
https://jit.ddns.net/dns-query - jitender
https://jp.tiar.app/dns-query - jp.tiar.app
https://jp.tiarap.org/dns-query - jp.tiar.app
https://us1.dns.lavate.ch/dns-query - LavaDNS
https://eu1.dns.lavate.ch/dns-query - LavaDNS
https://doh.libredns.gr/dns-query - LibreDNS
https://doh.mullvad.net/dns-query - Mullvad
https://adblock.doh.mullvad.net/dns-query - Mullvad
https://dns.moulticast.net/dns-query - Moulticast
https://dns.nextdns.io/ - NextDNS
https://dns.dns-over-https.com/dns-query - NekomimiRouter.com
https://doh.post-factum.tk/dns-query - pf-doh
https://hydra.plan9-ns1.com/dns-query - Plan9-dns
https://draco.plan9-ns2.com/dns-query - Plan9-dns
https://doh.powerdns.org - PowerDNS
https://dns.quad9.net/dns-query - Quad9
https://dns9.quad9.net/dns-query - Quad9
https://dns10.quad9.net/dns-query - Quad9
https://dns11.quad9.net/dns-query - Quad9
https://basic.rethinkdns.com/dns-query - RethinkDNS
https://rethinkdns.com/configure - RethinkDNS
https://dns.rubyfish.cn/dns-query - Rubyfish.cn
https://fi.doh.dns.snopyta.org/dns-query - Snopyta
https://dns.switch.ch/dns-query - SWITCH
https://doh.tiar.app/dns-query - Tiarap
https://doh.tiarap.org/dns-query - Tiarap
https://doh.this.web.id/dns-query - This.web.id
https://dns.twnic.tw/dns-query - TWNIC
https://adfree.usableprivacy.net/dns-query - Usable Privacy
https://dns.wevpn.com/dns-query - WeDNS
https://dns-weblock.wevpn.com/dns-query - WeDNS
https://doh.crypto.sx/dns-query - @jedisct1
https://ibksturm.synology.me/dns-query - ibksturm.synology.me
https://freedom.mydns.network/dns-query - @matthewgall - mydns.network
https://adblock.mydns.network/dns-query - @matthewgall - mydns.network
https://ibuki.cgnat.net/dns-query - @null31
https://doh-2.seby.io/dns-query - @publicarray
https://doh.seby.io::8443/dns-query - @publicarray
